New Resource: `azurerm_media_service_account` (#2711)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/media_services.html.markdown

---
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_media_services"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-media-media-services"
description: |-
  Manages a Media Services account.
---

# azurerm_media_services

Manages a Media Services account.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "testrg" {
  name     = "amstestrg"
  location = "westus"
}

resource "azurerm_storage_account" "testsa" {
  name                     = "amstestsa"
  resource_group_name      = "${azurerm_resource_group.testrg.name}"
  location                 = "${azurerm_resource_group.testrg.location}"
  account_tier             = "Standard"
  account_replication_type = "GRS"
}

resource "azurerm_media_services" "ams" {

        name = "amstest"

>         location = "${azurerm_resource_group.testrg.location}"

Reviewer: Could we align these assignments?

Author: Fixed the alignment

        resource_group_name = "${azurerm_resource_group.testrg.name}"
		
        storage_account {
				id = "${azurerm_storage_account.testsa.id}"
				is_primary = true
		}
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the MariaDB Server. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which to create the MariaDB Server. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the resource exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `storage_account` - (Required) A `storage_account` block as defined below. Multiple storage_account arguments can be provided, but only one can be marked as `is_primary`=true.

Reviewer: Could we `quote` true, this also might be better moved into a note block. WDYT?

Author: I `quoted` "true" and moved this into `## Note`

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

---

A `storage_account` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Required) Specifies the Id for the storage account that will be associated with the Media Services instance.

> * `is_primary` - (Required) Specifies whether the storage account should be the primary account or not. A Media Services account supports associating multiple storage accounts, but only one can be marked as primary. 

Reviewer: Could we specify the default is `false` here?

---
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_media_services"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-media-media-services"
description: |-
  Manages a Media Services account.
---

# azurerm_media_services

Manages a Media Services account.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "testrg" {
  name     = "amstestrg"
  location = "westus"
}

resource "azurerm_storage_account" "testsa" {
  name                     = "amstestsa"
  resource_group_name      = "${azurerm_resource_group.testrg.name}"
  location                 = "${azurerm_resource_group.testrg.location}"
  account_tier             = "Standard"
  account_replication_type = "GRS"
}

resource "azurerm_media_services" "ams" {

  name                = "amstest"
  location            = "${azurerm_resource_group.testrg.location}"
  resource_group_name = "${azurerm_resource_group.testrg.name}"
		
  storage_account {
		id          = "${azurerm_storage_account.testsa.id}"
		is_primary  = true
	}
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the MariaDB Server. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Media Service Account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

> * `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which to create the MariaDB Server. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which to create the Media Service Account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

* `location` - (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the resource exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `storage_account` - (Required) A `storage_account` block as defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

---

A `storage_account` block supports the following:

* `id` - (Required) Specifies the Id for the storage account that will be associated with the Media Services instance.

* `is_primary` - (Required) Specifies whether the storage account should be the primary account or not. Defaults to `false`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The `resource id` of the Media Services account.

## Import

> MariaDB Server's can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Media Service Account's can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.
```

```shell
terraform import azurerm_media_services.ams1 /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/mygroup1/providers/Microsoft.Media/mediaservices/ams1
```
## Note

> Multiple `storage_account` arguments can be provided to `azurerm_media_services`, but only one can be marked as `is_primary`=`true`.

Reviewer 2: can we remove this in favour of a yellow box below the `is_primary` field by doing something like this:

```
~> **NOTE:** Whilst multiple `storage_account` blocks can be specified - one of them must be set to the primary
```

Author: I will let you and katbyte fight this one out. I originally moved it from is_primary (though not using ~>) to the notes area due to a previous suggestion. I'm happy with it in either place.

Reviewer: That is my bad, this is what i intended 😅 I should have said note box not block, sorry about that.
